No need to compile, use commands:
  > make          This command executes first target of the Makefile
  > make clean    This command executes clean target of the Makefile
  > make all      This command executes all target of the Makefile

Summary:
Managing Memory
On all computer systems memory is a scarce resource.
Linux provides protection so that different applications are protected from each other, and it allows applications
to apparently access more memory than is physically present in the machine, provided the machine is at least well
configured and has sufficient swap space.

Simple Memory Allocation
This is a malloc function in C.
The malloc function is guaranteed to return memory that is aligned so that it can be cast to a pointer of any type.

Allocating Lots of Memory
Linux exceed the limitations of the MS-DOS memory model.
This is done by looping and asking for more memory while doing so, until it reaches the very last byte of the available
memory of the machine.

Available Memory
This is managed by the kernel, if there is memory available it simply allocates as the application requests, but once it reaches
the limit of available physical memory for the program requesting memory, it start using a disk space called swap space, which
is allocated at installation of the system. If the application exhausts both physical memory and the swap space or the stack space
exceeded (overflow) the kernel refuses to allocate more memory and can even terminate the program.

Abusing Memory
This happens when a program tries to access a space in memory which is not allocated for it, the Linux memory management system
protects other programs by terminating the program which tried such access.

The Null Pointer
Modern Linux systems are very protective about writing or reading from the address referred to by a null pointer, although
the actual behavior is implementation specific.

Freeing Memory
The Linux memory management system is quite capable of reliably ensuring that memory is returned to the system
when a program ends. Programs that use memory on a dynamic basis should always release unused memory back to the malloc
memory manager using the free call. This enables separate blocks to be remerged and enables the malloc library to look
after memory, rather than have the application manage it.

Other Memory Allocation Functions
Calloc:
It allocates memory for an array of structures and requires the number of elements and the size of each element
as its parameters. The allocated memory is filled with zeros; and if calloc is successful, a pointer to the first element
is returned.

Realloc:
It’s passed a pointer to some memory previously allocated by malloc, calloc, or realloc and resizes it up or down as requested.
The realloc function may have to move data around to achieve this
